An overview of cancer as a metabolic
disease by Dr. Thomas Seafruit on the
origin, prevention and management of
cancer
including texts by Dominic Dagostino and
Travis Christopherson and the press
pulse strategy
written by Dr. Thomas Seaffit, Dominic
Dagostino and Travis Christophersonen
narrated by Dr. Thomas Seafruit, Dominic
Dagostino, and Johnny Rocker.
A quick message to the listeners. You
can find all the necessary images that
go along with the narration on our
homepage keto forcancer.net.
Just click on audiobook. Here you will
find the images with the corresponding
minutes mark of the chapter. On this
homepage, you can also find more
information on our donations to Dr. Seaf
Freed's research. Thanks for your
support.
Chapter one, Dr. Thomas Effried, cancer
as a metabolic disease on the origin,
prevention, and management of cancer.
>> All right. So, what I'd like to do to
start this off is basically to present a
report card on our approach to managing
cancer. And as I said, I'm I'm going to
speak to you today about cancer in
general. and also focus on specific
types of cancer in particular uh
glyopblasto as kind of an illustrative
examples of of our approach to managing
the disease. So let's look now these are
numbers that we can take from the
American Cancer Society
and they publish every year data on I
guess the war on cancer the success that
we're having. So I I compiled just over
the last five years. This is 2013 to
2017. And you can see these are pretty
sobering numbers. You know, we break
them down into new cases, deaths per
year, and deaths per day. Simply
dividing by 365 give kind of an
estimate. And you'll notice that the
deaths per day uh and year are exceeding
that of the new cases. Um not good. Just
to put things into perspective, the
population increase in the United States
over these same the same period of time
was about 2.9%.
So um you know how's this war on cancer
going? Right? You you look at the
numbers, you can make your own decision.
These are numbers you don't see on TV,
right? You see Opivvo and Katruda and
that kind of stuff, but you don't see
the the constant increase in in deaths
per day. So the question we have to ask
ourselves is what's what's going on
here? We're not getting success here.
This is a failure of of monumental
proportions. Right? The numbers, these
are large numbers. In China, it's 8,000
over 8,000 a day in China dying from
cancer. Cancer has already superseded
heart disease in China. So, you know, we
go out and we raise money for cancer,
right? You all know run, jump. I don't
know if you do CrossFit for cancer, but
>> sample complete. Ready to continue.